Adding caravan forcing (#407)
eWaterCycle/ewatercycle: CHANGELOG.md

- Added the `input_var_names` property to the eWaterCycle model class, to accompany the existing `output_var_names` property ([#403](https://github.com/eWaterCycle/ewatercycle/pull/403)).
- Added the `var_units` method to the eWaterCycle model class, to mirror PyMT ([#403](https://github.com/eWaterCycle/ewatercycle/pull/403)).
- Added a note on the time units that eWaterCycle expects models to provide to the documentation ([#403](https://github.com/eWaterCycle/ewatercycle/pull/403)).

> - Added LumpedCaravan forcing, allows retrival of single basin from 4tu.nl rather than downloading the whole dataset. ([#407](https://github.com/eWaterCycle/ewatercycle/pull/407))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added LumpedCaravan forcing, which allows for the retrieval of single basins from the Caravan dataset, rather than downloading the whole dataset ([#407](https://github.com/eWaterCycle/ewatercycle/pull/407)).
```
